Julian Marc Dunkerton (born March 1965) is a British businessman, and the co-founder of the fashion label Superdry.


Early life

Dunkerton's father Ivor and stepmother Susie founded and ran Dunkertons Organic Cider. Dunkerton moved to Herefordshire from London at the age of 14.

He was educated at Ibstock Place School, London, Orleans Park School, Twickenham, from 11 to 14, and then the Minster School, Herefordshire.


Career

At the age of 19, Dunkerton, along with his then business partner Ian Hibbs, founded the fashion retail chain Cult Clothing Co with a £2,000 loan. They started selling the clothing from an indoor market stall in Cheltenham. Over the course of 15 years, Dunkerton and Hibbs built Cult Clothing to a chain of stores with a turnover of £17 million.

In 2003, Dunkerton and co-founder James Holder launched fashion brand Superdry. The idea for the company came from a trip to Japan. A number of celebrities, including David Beckham, Leonardo DiCaprio and Idris Elba were spotted wearing the label.

In 2010, the company was floated on the London Stock Exchange at a value for £400 million. As of January 2018, the company has more than 500 stores in 40 countries.

In 2014, Dunkerton took control of his family's cider company, and brought in business partner Jeremy Benson (aka Bean), to work along side his father Ivor, developing his palate and learning the craft of organic cider and perry making. In 2016, Dunkertons Organic Cider was moved from Herefordshire to a brand new cidery at the 250-acre Dowdeswell Park, near Cheltenham in Gloucestershire.

In 2015, Dunkerton stepped down as chief executive of Superdry however remained on the board taking on the role of Brand Founder and Product Development Director. This enabled him to concentrate on his main passion for the development of new lines of product and working with and mentoring up and coming new designers.

Dunkerton left the Superdry business in April 2018 to concentrate on his other business interests. He owns The Lucky Onion group, which operates a small group of boutique hotels, restaurants and pubs in the Cotswolds, England.


Political activism

In the early 1990s, Dunkerton stood three times as a Labour Party candidate in the Cheltenham Borough Council elections. He stood in the St. Peter's ward in 1990, and in the Park ward in 1991 and 1992.

In August 2018, Dunkerton donated £1 million to People's Vote, a campaign group calling for a public vote on the final Brexit deal between the UK and the European Union. He believes that the success of the Superdry business could not have occurred if Britain had been outside the European Union at the time.


Personal life

Dunkerton lives in Cheltenham. In February 2016, he sold just under £50 million of shares to fund his divorce settlement with his wife, Charlotte Abbot. He has two children, one stepdaughter and one daughter.

In August 2018, Dunkerton married fashion designer Jade Holland Cooper.

He owns a private jet, which he describes as "a tool rather than an indulgence".
